[Trend Micro Deep Security] - add new commands (#33063)
demisto/content: Packs/TrendMicroDeepSecurity/Integrations/TrendMicroDeepSecurity/README.md

>|---|---|
>| antiMalwareSettingConnectedThreatDefenseSuspiciousFileDdanSubmissionEnabled | true |

### trendmicro-list-scheduled-task

***
Get information on all scheduled tasks.

#### Base Command

`trendmicro-list-scheduled-task`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | task_id | Retrieve a specific task-ID. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| task_id | The ID of the task to retrieve. | Optional | 
```

#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| TrendMicro.ScheduledTask.name | String | The name of the scheduled task. | 
| TrendMicro.ScheduledTask.type | String | The type of the scheduled task. | 
| TrendMicro.ScheduledTask.scheduleDetails.timeZone | String | The timezone of the scheduled task. | 
| TrendMicro.ScheduledTask.scheduleDetails.recurrenceType | String | The recurrence type of the scheduled task. | 
| TrendMicro.ScheduledTask.scheduleDetails.onceOnlyScheduleParameters.startTime | Number | The start time of the scheduled task. | 
| TrendMicro.ScheduledTask.enabled | Boolean | Whether the scheduled task is enabled. | 
| TrendMicro.ScheduledTask.nextRunTime | Date | The next run time of the scheduled task. | 
| TrendMicro.ScheduledTask.scanForMalwareTaskParameters.computerFilter.type | String | The type of the computer filter of the scheduled task. | 
| TrendMicro.ScheduledTask.scanForMalwareTaskParameters.computerFilter.computerID | Number | The computer ID of the scheduled task. | 
| TrendMicro.ScheduledTask.scanForMalwareTaskParameters.timeout | String | The timeout for the scheduled task. | 

> | TrendMicro.ScheduledTask.ID | Number | The ID of the scheudled task. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| TrendMicro.ScheduledTask.ID | Number | The ID of the scheduled task. | 
```

#### Command example
```!trendmicro-create-onceonly-scheduled-task name=test computer_id=1 type="scan-for-malware"```
#### Context Example
```json
{
    "TrendMicro": {
        "ScheduledTask": {
            "ID": 26,
            "enabled": true,
            "name": "test",
            "nextRunTime": 1708620132041,
            "scanForMalwareTaskParameters": {
                "computerFilter": {
                    "computerID": 1,
                    "type": "some type"
                },
                "timeout": "never"
            },
            "scheduleDetails": {
                "onceOnlyScheduleParameters": {
                    "startTime": 0
                },
                "recurrenceType": "none",
                "timeZone": "some time zone"
            },
            "type": "scan-for-malware"
        }
    }
}
```

#### Human Readable Output

>Once-only scheduled task, named test for the computer ID 1 has been successfully created and run.
### trendmicro-delete-scheduled-task

***
Deletes a scheduled task.

#### Base Command

`trendmicro-delete-scheduled-task`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | task_id | The task-ID to delete. | Required | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| task_id | The ID of the task to delete. | Required | 
```
